README.md, before:

# TwitchBanFromList
## AHK text entry script that bans people from a text file.

Very hacked together but "simple" way of using AHK to ban a bunch of identified bot accounts, 
You can even run it before stream to make sure that you have the latest ban list (if you trust the list below)

### Features:
	* Ban from list with F12 Key
	* Block from list with F11 Key
	* Perform both ban and block with F10 key

## Instructions:
	1. Go to the releases page, downloaded the latest exe
	2. Run the exe.
	3. Go to your twitch chat click in the text entry field
	4. Push F12 to Ban OR Push F11 to Block 
	5. DO NOT TOUCH YOUR MOUSE OR KEYBOARD WHILE THE SCRIPT RUNS 
	6. Watch as all of the names on the list get banned one after the other in your chat box!
	7. A box will pop up at the end when the script completes! (script will exit)
	
### Linux Instructions:
	Required packages: xdotool
	1. Run bash script via 'bash twitchban.sh' (5 second timer starts)
	2. Click into your twitch chat text entry field
	3. After 5 seconds of running twitchban.sh, it should automatically start running through the ban list

##	Credits
###	Ban list sources: 
https://docs.google.com/document/d/1_F3qKiwkECmHYJvHv4hevkOYWundzNewpC_PcSGBj1I/edit
twitter@MissRayvenn: https://docs.google.com/document/d/1F5tMM2oTDlJJ41320vJFd8MVDW_mGKnU_Q9RFWdY-fM/edit 
twitter@MissRayvenn: https://pastebin.com/FyxGesEw 
github@iguanaonmystack: Linux script port 

### Similar names but legit accounts:
Sources: https://twitter.com/MissRayvenn/status/1432409056459776000

If latest release is after last updated date/time then it should have the latest, otherwise, notify me, and/or just submit a PR

Commit message:

updated ban list 21-09-10
We're now at 391 bots total...... :(

README.md, after:

# TwitchBanFromList
## AHK text entry script that bans people from a text file.

Very hacked together but "simple" way of using AHK to ban a bunch of identified bot accounts, 
You can even run it before stream to make sure that you have the latest ban list (if you trust the list below)

### Features:
	* Ban from list with F12 Key
	* Block from list with F11 Key
	* Perform both ban and block with F10 key

## Instructions:
	1. Go to the releases page, downloaded the latest exe
	2. Run the exe.
	3. Go to your twitch chat click in the text entry field
	4. Push F12 to Ban OR Push F11 to Block 
	5. DO NOT TOUCH YOUR MOUSE OR KEYBOARD WHILE THE SCRIPT RUNS 
	6. Watch as all of the names on the list get banned one after the other in your chat box!
	7. A box will pop up at the end when the script completes! (script will exit)
	
### Linux Instructions:
	Required packages: xdotool
	1. Run bash script via 'bash twitchban.sh' (5 second timer starts)
	2. Click into your twitch chat text entry field
	3. After 5 seconds of running twitchban.sh, it should automatically start running through the ban list

##	Credits
###	Ban list sources: 
https://docs.google.com/document/d/1_F3qKiwkECmHYJvHv4hevkOYWundzNewpC_PcSGBj1I/edit
twitter@MissRayvenn: https://docs.google.com/document/d/1F5tMM2oTDlJJ41320vJFd8MVDW_mGKnU_Q9RFWdY-fM/edit 
twitter@MissRayvenn: https://pastebin.com/FyxGesEw 
github@iguanaonmystack: Linux script port 
twitter@OpalStreams: New accounts to ban notification and list

### Similar names but legit accounts:
Sources: https://twitter.com/MissRayvenn/status/1432409056459776000

If latest release is after last updated date/time then it should have the latest, otherwise, notify me, and/or just submit a PR
